

USER AGREEMENT
TERMS OF USE

These Terms of Use along with Terms of Service (collectively, the “User Agreement“) constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity (“You/User”) and Le Travenues Technology Limited (“Travenues”), a travel technology company incorporated and existing in India in accordance with the Companies Act, 1956, concerning your access to and use of the ./honolulu.com website as well as mobile application related, linked, or otherwise connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). 

./honolulu.com is a travel website owned and operated by Travenues, hereinafter referred to as (“./honolulu”/ “we”/ “us” or “our”).

You agree that by accessing the site, you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by all of these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with all of these Terms of Use, then you are expressly prohibited from using the Site and you must discontinue use immediately.

Supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be posted on the site from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to this User Agreement at any time and for any reason.

We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of these Terms of Use, and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. 

It is your responsibility to periodically review these Terms of Use to stay informed of updates. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any revised Terms of Use by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Terms of Use are posted. 

The information provided on the Site is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. 

Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. 

ELIGIBILITY

The site is intended for users who are at least 18 years old. Persons under the age of 18 are not permitted to register for the site. If you are a minor, You must have your parent or guardian read and agree to these Terms of Use prior to you using the site. 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Unless otherwise indicated, the site is our proprietary property and all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics on the site (collectively, the “Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the “Marks”) are owned or controlled by us or licensed to us, and are protected by copyright and trademark laws and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws of the United States, foreign jurisdictions, and international conventions. 

The Content and the Marks are provided on the Site “AS IS” for your information and personal use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the site and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.

Provided that You are eligible to use the Site, You are granted a limited license to access and use the Site and to download or print a copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in and to the site, the Content and the Marks.

USER REPRESENTATIONS

By using the site, you represent and warrant that: 

All registration information you submit will be true, accurate, current, and complete
You will maintain the accuracy of such information and promptly update such registration information as necessary
You have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with this User Agreement;
You are not under the age of 18;
not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside, or if a minor, you have received parental permission to use the Site;
you will not access the Site through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script, or otherwise;
You will not use the Site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose;
Your use of the Site will not violate any applicable law or regulation.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof).

USER REGISTRATION

You may be required to register with the Site. You agree to keep your password confidential and will be responsible for all use of your account and password. We reserve the right to remove, reclaim, or change a username you select if we determine, in our sole discretion, that such username is inappropriate, obscene, or otherwise objectionable or we have reason to believe that password might have compromised to any external threat.

FRAUDULENT ACTIVITIES, FAKE CALLS & SCAMS

./honolulu representatives will never ask for any personal information like credit/debit card number, CVV, OTP, card expiry date, user IDs, passwords, etc. Also, you will never be asked to install any third-party applications that grant access to your mobile or computer screen. Beware of anyone who is claiming to be associated with ./honolulu. Acting on any such requests may make you a victim of fraud, potentially leading to the loss of valuable information or money.

PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES

You may not access or use the Site for any purpose other than that for which we make the Site available. The Site may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us. 

As a User of the Site, you agree not to:

systematically retrieve data or other content from the Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from us.
make any unauthorized use of the Site, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email, or creating user accounts by automated means or under false pretenses.
use a buying agent or purchasing agent to make purchases on the Site.
use the Site to advertise or offer to sell goods and services.
circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site, including features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on the use of the Site and/or the Content contained therein.
engage in unauthorized framing of or linking to the Site.
trick, defraud, or mislead us and other Users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information such as User passwords;
make improper use of our support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct.
engage in any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to send comments or messages, or using any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Site or the networks or services connected to the Site.
attempt to impersonate another User or person or use the username of another User.
sell or otherwise transfer your profile.
use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person.
use the Site as part of any effort to compete with us or otherwise use the Site and/or the Content for any revenue-generating endeavor or commercial enterprise.
decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Site.
attempt to bypass any measures of the Site designed to prevent or restrict access to the Site, or any portion of the Site.
harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten any of our employees or agents engaged in providing any portion of the Site to you.
delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any Content.
copy or adapt the Site’s software, including but not limited to Flash, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, or other code.
upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) viruses, Trojan horses, or other material, including excessive use of capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive text), that interferes with any party’s uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Site or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters, or interferes with the use, features, functions, operation, or maintenance of the Site.
upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats (“gifs”), 1×1 pixels, web bugs, cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as “spyware” or “passive collection mechanisms” or “pcms”).
except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet browser usage, use, launch, develop, or distribute any automated system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, or offline reader that accesses the Site, or using or launching any unauthorized script or other software.
disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or the Site.
use the Site in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations.
USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS

The Site may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums, and other functionality, and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or on the Site, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, “Contributions”). 

Contributions may be viewable by other Users of the Site and through third-party websites. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:

the creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.
you are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the site, and other users of the Site to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.
you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.
your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.
your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation.
your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).
your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.
your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.
your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.
your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.
your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of these Terms of Use, or any applicable law or regulation.
Any use of the Site in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Use and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Site. 

CONTRIBUTION LICENSE

By posting your Contributions to any part of the Site or making Contributions accessible to the Site by linking your account from the Site to any of your social networking accounts, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to host, use, copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broadcast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Contributions (including, without limitation, your image and voice) for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels. 

This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide. You waive all moral rights in your Contributions, and you warrant that moral rights have not otherwise been asserted in your Contributions. 

We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area on the Site. 

You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Site and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.  

We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, (1) to edit, redact, or otherwise change any Contributions; (2) to re-categorize any Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations on the Site; and (3) to pre-screen or delete any Contributions at any time and for any reason, without notice. We have no obligation to monitor your Contributions. 

GUIDELINES FOR REVIEWS

We may provide you areas on the Site to leave reviews or ratings. When posting a review, you must comply with the following criteria: 

you should have firsthand experience with the person/entity being reviewed
your reviews should not contain offensive profanity, or abusive, racist, offensive, or hate language
your reviews should not contain discriminatory references based on religion, race, gender, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, or disability;
your reviews should not contain references to illegal activity;
you should not be affiliated with competitors if posting negative reviews;
you should not make any conclusions as to the legality of conduct;
you may not post any false or misleading statements;
you may not organize a campaign encouraging others to post reviews, whether positive or negative.
We may accept, reject, or remove reviews in our sole discretion. We have absolutely no obligation to screen reviews or to delete reviews, even if anyone considers reviews objectionable or inaccurate. Reviews are not endorsed by us, and do not necessarily represent our opinions or the views of any of our affiliates or partners. 

We do not assume liability for any review or for any claims, liabilities, or losses resulting from any review. By posting a review, you hereby grant to us a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid, assignable, and sublicensable right and license to reproduce, modify, translate, transmit by any means, display, perform, and/or distribute all content relating to reviews.

MOBILE APPLICATION LICENSE

Use License

If you access the Site via a mobile application, then we grant you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to install and use the mobile application on wireless electronic devices owned or controlled by you, and to access and use the mobile application on such devices strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Use. 

You shall not: 

(1) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, or decrypt the application; 

(2) make any modification, adaptation, improvement, enhancement, translation, or derivative work from the application; 

(3) violate any applicable laws, rules, or regulations in connection with your access or use of the application; 

(4) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or trademark) posted by us or the licensors of the application; 

(5) use the application for any revenue generating endeavor, commercial enterprise, or other purpose for which it is not designed or intended; 

(6) make the application available over a network or other environment permitting access or use by multiple devices or users at the same time; 

(7) use the application for creating a product, service, or software that is, directly or indirectly, competitive with or in any way a substitute for the application; 

(8) use the application to send automated queries to any website or to send any unsolicited commercial e-mail; 

(9) use any proprietary information or any of our interfaces or our other intellectual property in the design, development, manufacture, licensing, or distribution of any applications, accessories, or devices for use with the application.

Apple and Android Devices

The following terms apply when you use a mobile application obtained from either the Apple Store or Google Play Store (each an “App Distributor”) to access the Site: 

(1) the license granted to you for our mobile application is limited to a non-transferable license to use the application on a device that utilizes the Apple iOS or Android operating systems, as applicable, and in accordance with the usage rules set forth in the applicable App Distributor’s terms of service; 

(2) we are responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to the mobile application as specified in the terms and conditions of this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Use or as otherwise required under applicable law, and you acknowledge that each App Distributor has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the mobile application; 

(3) you acknowledge and agree that the App Distributors are third-party beneficiaries of the terms and conditions in this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Use, and that each App Distributor will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the terms and conditions in this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Use against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.  

SOCIAL MEDIA

As part of the functionality of the Site, you may link your account with online accounts you have with third-party service providers (each such account, a “Third-Party Account”) by either: (1) providing your Third-Party Account login information through the Site; or (2) allowing us to access your Third-Party Account, as is permitted under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of each Third-Party Account. 

You represent and warrant that you are entitled to disclose your Third-Party Account login information to us and/or grant us access to your Third-Party Account, without breach by you of any of the terms and conditions that govern your use of the applicable Third-Party Account, and without obligating us to pay any fees or making us subject to any usage limitations imposed by the third-party service provider of the Third-Party Account. 

By granting us access to any Third-Party Accounts, you understand that (1) we may access, make available, and store (if applicable) any content that you have provided to and stored in your Third-Party Account (the “Social Network Content”) so that it is available on and through the Site via your account, including without limitation any friend lists and (2) we may submit to and receive from your Third-Party Account additional information to the extent you are notified when you link your account with the Third-Party Account. 

Depending on the Third-Party Accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in such Third-Party Accounts, personally identifiable information that you post to your Third-Party Accounts may be available on and through your account on the Site. 

Please note that if a Third-Party Account or associated service becomes unavailable or our access to such Third-Party Account is terminated by the third-party service provider, then Social Network Content may no longer be available on and through the Site. You will have the ability to disable the connection between your account on the Site and your Third-Party Accounts at any time. 

PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR THIRD-PARTY ACCOUNTS IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS. 

We make no effort to review any Social Network Content for any purpose, including but not limited to, for accuracy, legality, or non-infringement, and we are not responsible for any Social Network Content. 

You acknowledge and agree that we may access your email address book associated with a Third-Party Account and your contacts list stored on your mobile device or tablet computer solely for purposes of identifying and informing you of those contacts who have also registered to use the Site. 

You can deactivate the connection between the Site and your Third-Party Account by contacting us using the contact information below or through your account settings (if applicable). We will attempt to delete any information stored on our servers that was obtained through such Third-Party Accounts, except the username and profile picture that become associated with your account.

SUBMISSIONS

You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, or other information regarding the Site (“Submissions”) provided by you to us are non-confidential and shall become our sole property. We shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any lawful purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. 

You hereby waive all moral rights to any such Submissions, and you hereby warrant that any such Submissions are original with you or that you have the right to submit such Submissions. You agree there shall be no recourse against us for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your Submissions. 

THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT

The Site may contain (or you may be sent via the Site) links to other websites (“Third-Party Websites”) as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties (“Third-Party Content”). 

Such Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Content are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by us, and we are not responsible for any Third-Party Websites accessed through the Site or any Third-Party Content posted on, available through, or installed from the Site, including the content, accuracy, offensiveness, opinions, reliability, privacy practices, or other policies of or contained in the Third-Party Websites or the Third-Party Content. 

Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any Third-Party Websites or any Third-Party Content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to leave the Site and access the Third-Party Websites or to use or install any Third-Party Content, you do so at your own risk, and you should be aware these Terms of Use no longer govern. 

You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any website to which you navigate from the Site or relating to any applications you use or install from the Site. Any purchases you make through Third-Party Websites will be through other websites and from other companies, and we take no responsibility whatsoever in relation to such purchases which are exclusively between you and the applicable third party. 

You agree and acknowledge that we do not endorse the products or services offered on Third-Party Websites and you shall hold us harmless from any harm caused by your purchase of such products or services. Additionally, you shall hold us harmless from any losses sustained by you or harm caused to you relating to or resulting in any way from any Third-Party Content or any contact with Third-Party Websites. 

ADVERTISERS

We allow advertisers to display their advertisements and other information in certain areas of the Site, such as sidebar advertisements or banner advertisements. If you are an advertiser, you shall take full responsibility for any advertisements you place on the Site and any services provided on the Site or products sold through those advertisements. 

Further, as an advertiser, you warrant and represent that you possess all rights and authority to place advertisements on the Site, including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, publicity rights, and contractual rights.

We simply provide the space to place such advertisements, and we have no other relationship with advertisers.    

SITE MANAGEMENT

We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to: 

(1) monitor the Site for violations of these Terms of Use; 

(2) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates the law or these Terms of Use, including without limitation, reporting such User to law enforcement authorities; 

(3) in our sole discretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict access to, limit the availability of, or disable (to the extent technologically feasible) any of your Contributions or any portion thereof; 

(4) in our sole discretion and without limitation, notice, or liability, to remove from the Site or otherwise disable all files and content that are excessive in size or are in any way burdensome to our systems; 

(5) otherwise manage the Site in a manner designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of the Site.

PRIVACY POLICY

We care about data privacy and security. Please review our Privacy Policy here to learn more about how we collect and use information about User via our Site. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use. 

We do not knowingly accept, request, or solicit information from children or knowingly market to children. If we receive actual knowledge that anyone under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from the Site as quickly as is reasonably practical.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS INFRINGEMENTS

We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that any material available on or through the Site infringes upon any Intellectual Property Rights (“IPR”) you own or control, please immediately notify us at legal@./honolulu.com. A copy of your notification will be sent to the person who posted or stored the material addressed in the notification. 

Please be advised that pursuant to applicable law you may be held liable for damages if you make material misrepresentations in your notification. Thus, if you are not sure that material located on or linked to by the Site infringes your IPR, you should consider first contacting an attorney.

FEES AND PAYMENTS

Over and above booking charges for the products/ services offered on the Site, ./honolulu may charge certain fees in the nature of convenience fees, service fees, payment gateway charges (“Additional Fees”) for making services conveniently available to User online. ./honolulu further reserves the right to alter any and all fees from time to time without prior notice to the User. Any such Additional Fees will be displayed to the User before confirming the booking or collecting the payment to enable you to make an informed choice.

The User is responsible for payment of all charges, fees, duties, taxes, and assessments resulting out of the use of the Site, as per the applicable laws. In cases where booking amount, taxes, statutory fee, service fees, convenience fee, payment gateway charges etc.are not properly charged or undercharged (“Balance Amount”), owing to any technical error or other reason, ./honolulu reserves the right to deduct, charge or claim the Balance Amount from the User and the User shall pay such Balance Amount to ./honolulu. In cases where such Balance Amount is claimed prior to the utilization of the booking, ./honolulu will be at liberty to cancel such bookings if the amount is not paid before the utilization date.

In the event there is any addition in the prices charged by us as a result of change in applicable law including but not limited to, changes in tax rates or imposition of new taxes, or levies by Government, such increased charge will have to be borne by the User. ./honolulu may introduce such additional charges without prior notice to the User and could also be retrospective, but will always be as per applicable law.

In the rare event of a booking not getting confirmed for any reason whatsoever, ./honolulu shall not be liable to offer an alternate booking in lieu of or to compensate the unconfirmed booking. Any succeeding booking will be regarded as a new transaction. The pertinent refund will be processed to the User as per the relevant policies of the third party and ./honolulu as the case may be.

No communication will ever be made by us or any of our employees or authorized representatives enquiring about a User’s credit or debit card number, expiry date, CVV, net banking login, passwords, OTP, request for a fund transfer to a personal or an individual bank account, installation of any third-party applications that enable them to view a User’s mobile or computer screen. Acting on any of these requests may make you a victim of fraud, and may potentially lead to loss of your valuable money or information.

Please be advised to not share your personal sensitive information like credit/debit card number, CVV, OTP, card expiry date, user IDs, passwords etc. with any person including the agents, employees or representatives of ./honolulu. If any such details are requested by any of our agents, employees or representatives, please inform us at the earliest on the contact details mentioned below. However, ./honolulu shall not be liable for any loss that the User incurs for sharing the aforesaid details.

All booking(s) made on the Site are subject to the applicable cancellation policy made visible and communicated to the Users on the Site in writing. The applicable refunds on cancelled bookings will be processed to the relevant User account either by way of HONOLULU money or reversed to same banking instrument (credit card, debit card, Bank account, wallet etc.) from which initial payment was made.

TERM AND TERMINATION

This User Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Site. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS USER AGREEMENT, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, DENY ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE (INCLUDING BLOCKING CERTAIN IP ADDRESSES), TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN THIS USER AGREEMENT OR OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR USE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE SITE OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AND ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU POSTED AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT WARNING, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION. 

If we terminate or suspend your account for any reason, you are prohibited from registering and creating a new account under your name, a fake or borrowed name, or the name of any third party, even if you may be acting on behalf of the third party. 

In addition to terminating or suspending your account, we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.

MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS 

We reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the Site at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Site. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue all or part of the Site without notice at any time. 

We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site. 

We cannot guarantee the Site will be available at all times. We may experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to perform maintenance related to the Site, resulting in interruptions, delays, or errors. 

We reserve the right to change, revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or otherwise modify the Site at any time or for any reason without notice. You agree that we have no liability whatsoever for any loss, damage, or inconvenience caused by your inability to access or use the Site during any downtime or discontinuance of the Site. 

Nothing in these Terms of Use will be construed to obligate us to maintain and support the Site or to supply any corrections, updates, or releases in connection therewith.

GOVERNING LAW 

This User Agreement and your use of the Site are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India and the Parties shall refer any unresolved disputes to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts in Delhi.  

CORRECTIONS

There may be information on the Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to the Site, including descriptions, pricing, availability, and various other information. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update the information on the Site at any time, without prior notice.

DISCLAIMER

THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND OUR SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE SITE AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (1) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS, (2) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, (3) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (4) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SITE, (5) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (6) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SITE, ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. 

AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE. 

LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY

Unless ./honolulu explicitly acts as a reseller in certain scenarios, ./honolulu always acts as a facilitator by connecting the Customer with the respective service providers like airlines, hotels,  bus operators etc. ./honolulu’s liability is limited to providing the Customer with a confirmed booking as selected by the Customer.

Any issues or concerns faced by the Customer at the time of availing any such services shall be the sole responsibility of the service provider. ./honolulu will have no liability with respect to the acts, omissions, errors, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence on part of any service provider.

Unless explicitly committed by ./honolulu as a part of any product or service:

·   ./honolulu assumes no liability for the standard of services as provided by the respective service providers.

·   ./honolulu provides no guarantee with regard to their quality or fitness as represented.

./honolulu doesn’t guarantee the availability of any services as listed by a service provider.

By making a booking, Customer understands ./honolulu merely provides a technology platform for booking of services and products and the ultimate liability rests on the respective service provider and not ./honolulu. Thus, the ultimate contract of service is between Customer and service provider.

Customer further understands that the information displayed on the Website with respect to any service is displayed as furnished by the service provider. ./honolulu, therefore, cannot be held liable in case if the information provided by the service provider is found to be inaccurate, inadequate or obsolete or in contravention of any laws, rules, regulations or directions in force.

INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless, including our subsidiaries, affiliates, and all of our respective officers, agents, partners, and employees, from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorney’s fees and expenses, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (1) your Contributions; (2) use of the Site; (3) breach of these Terms of Use; (4) any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use; (5) your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; or (6) any overt harmful act toward any other user of the Site with whom you connected via the Site. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate, at your expense, with our defense of such claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding which is subject to this indemnification upon becoming aware of it. 

USER DATA

We will maintain certain data that you transmit to the Site for the purpose of managing the Site, as well as data relating to your use of the Site. Although we perform regular routine backups of data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that relates to any activity you have undertaken using the Site. 

You agree that we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data, and you hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such loss or corruption of such data.

ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURES

Visiting the Site, sending us emails, and completing online forms constitute electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. 

YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, CONTRACTS, ORDERS, AND OTHER RECORDS, AND TO ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF NOTICES, POLICIES, AND RECORDS OF TRANSACTIONS INITIATED OR COMPLETED BY US OR VIA THE SITE. 

You hereby waive any rights or requirements under any statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances, or other laws in any jurisdiction which require an original signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, or to payments or the granting of credits by any means other than electronic means. 

For ease of Users, we also send booking confirmations, itinerary information, cancellations, payment confirmation/status, refund status, booking failure information or any such other information relevant to the transaction or booking made by the User, via SMS, internet-based messaging applications like WhatsApp, voice call, e-mail or any other alternate communication information furnished by the User at the time of booking.

You hereby consent that any such communication through SMS, WhatsApp, voice call, email or any other mode by us are:

as per your request and authorization;
‘transactional’ and not an ‘unsolicited commercial communication’ as per the guidelines of Telecom Regulation Authority of India (TRAI), and
in compliance with appropriate guidelines of TRAI or other relevant authority in India and abroad as applicable.
You hereby agree to indemnify us against any losses and damages incurred by us due to any action taken by TRAI or any other authority due to any erroneous complaint filed by the User on us on account of communications sent to User as above or failed communication due to a wrong number or email ID shared by the User for any reason whatsoever.

MISCELLANEOUS

This User Agreement and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Site constitute the entire agreement and understanding between User and ./honolulu. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this User Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. 

This User Agreement operates to the fullest extent permissible by law. We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any time. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, delay, or failure to act caused by any cause beyond our reasonable control. 

If any provision or part of a provision of this User Agreement is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from this User Agreement and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. 

There is no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship created between you and us as a result of this User Agreement or use of the Site. You agree that this User Agreement will not be construed against us by virtue of having drafted them. 

You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of this User Agreement.

CONTACT US 

In order to resolve a complaint regarding the Site or to receive further information regarding the use of the Site, please contact us at: 

Le Travenues Technology Limited 

Second Floor, Veritas Building, Sector 53, 

Golf Course Road, Gurugram-122002, India. 

Phone Number: +91 124 6682111

Email Address: feedback@./honolulu.com

CIN: U63000HR2006PLC071540

TERMS OF SERVICE

All Services offered on Site shall be governed by the following Terms of Service:

Flights
Trains
Hotels
Buses
FLIGHTS
./honolulu as a booking platform ./honolulu provides a facilitator platform to enable the user to book a flight ticket. The flight tickets shown to User on the Site for booking are subject to the terms and conditions of the concerned airline, including but not limited to delay, change, cancellation and refund. Each respective airline retains the right to reschedule the timings of the flights, routes, cancellation or change in itineraries without prior intimation to us. As a facilitator, ./honolulu has no control or authority over the logistics of the airlines and therefore is not liable for any loss, direct or incidental, that a User may suffer due to change in details or cancellation of a booked flight. Any grievances, if any, will be handled and decided directly by the concerned airline. the User shall ensure to carry and have sole responsibility of carrying valid travel documents at the time of the journey including but not limited to identity proof, passport, visa (including transit visa if applicable) to prove the identity, nationality and age of passengers (adult or infant) travelling on a ticket. ./honolulu shall have no liability for damages arising out of User inability to carry valid or appropriate documents at the time of travel. In the event that a User does not board the onward flight on the day of travel, the entire PNR generated for that booking shall stand cancelled. ./honolulu under no circumstances will be liable to compensate the User for missing the flight. In such an event, the airline cancellation policy will be applicable. Check-in timings may vary from airline to airline. Users are hereby advised to check with the airline prior for the check-in timings. Usually, check-in commences two (02) hours before departure for domestic flights, and 3 hours before departure for international flights.Pricing: Airfares shown on our platform are inclusive of various airline charges, including but not limited to Base Fare, Fuel Surcharge, User Development Fees, Passenger Service Fees, Terminal Equipment Fee, Airport Development fee, etc. as the case may be and Government Taxes. Additionally, we charge convenience/service fee (collectively referred to as “Fee”) for providing the online booking facility varying parameters selected by the User at the time of booking. The User hereby agrees to pay the entire amount including all statutory taxes, surcharges and fees, as applicable at the time of booking the ticket. Different tickets on the same airline may carry different limitations or include different services and price, as the case may be. The baggage allowance on a given flight is shown as per the terms of the airline, and is not controlled by us. There may be instances where airline imposes “hand baggage fares” wherein User will be required to pay separately for check-in baggage. The prices for adding check-in baggage to a booking may vary from airline to airline. The User is advised to get in touch with the airlines for detailed costs/charges.Infant Fares: Infant Fares will be applicable subject to the following conditions: 1. The infant must be accompanied by an adult as per the terms of the airline.2. The infant must be under 24 months of age throughout the journey i.e. both onward as well as return journey. 3. If the infant turns 24 months or above at the time of return journey, User will be required to make a separate booking as per applicable child fare.Changes to existing booking: The User shall be liable to pay applicable charges (charged by the respective airline and ./honolulu) for any alteration or modification to an existing booking. However, depending on the concerned airline’s policy and fare class, amount of charge may vary.Cancellations and Refunds: All refunds are subject to airline fare rules and cancellation policy, and shall be made by ./honolulu only on the receipt of such refund from the airline. Users are hereby advised to check with the airline in advance and read about their cancellation policy. THE USER AGREES THAT ANY FEE CHARGED BY HONOLULU INCLUDING HONOLULU SERVICE FEE AND CONVENIENCE FEE PAID BY THE USER AT THE TIME OF BOOKING IS A NON-REFUNDABLE FEE. ANY REFUND TO THE USER SHALL BE PROCESSED AFTER DEDUCTING EQUIVALENT AMOUNT TOWARDS THE FEE.           .Please intimate us at the earliest where any cancellations are made directly with the airline in order to initiate the process of refund to the User. The processing time for refunds may differ depending on the mode of payment, bank etc. In instances where tickets were only partially utilized, refund shall be made after deducting any discount and/or promo code discount availed at the time of booking. The refund will be credited to the ./honolulu money account and/or the same User bank account/ credit card/debit card/wallet etc. from which the payment was originally made by the User unless the User has chosen for instant refund through any other payment mode, after deducting the applicable ./honolulu charges. For instance, if the User used a credit card, the refund will be made to the corresponding credit card. Similarly, if the User had used a debit card for the payment, refund will be made to the same debit card. However, in the event a ticket was booked with a combination of ./honolulu money and debit/credit card, then the refund amount will also be refunded in the same ratio as ./honolulu money and the respective debit/ credit card.In the event of cancellation of a flight ticket, the ./honolulu money earned for that transaction will get deducted from the User’s ./honolulu money account balance. In case the ./honolulu money balance is nil at that moment, the balance will reflect as negative and the same will be adjusted from the ./honolulu money earned from subsequent bookings. No show and Refund :In case of no-show, user shall be required to make request for any valid and applicable refunds, as per the defined policies within 90 days from the travel date in case of airline. No refund would be payable for any requests made after the expiry of 90 days of travel date and all unclaimed amounts for such no-show shall accordingly be deemed to have been forfeited.
./honolulu as a Metasearch platformUnder this arrangement, ./honolulu acts as an online facilitator platform for the User to select and book flight tickets by collating data from various Third-Party Supplier websites based on User search criteria. Our Site also allows Users to search and compare across multiple travel site partners such as Cleartrip, Makemytrip, Goibibo etc. (collectively “Third-Party Supplier”) in addition to ./honolulu as a booking platform. The lowest price (including all taxes) for one particular flight is shown at the top as first search result. Under this setup, ./honolulu helps the User to find the best available flight deals on Third-Party Supplier websites wherein we do not book or take direct payments. Such bookings are made on Third-Party Supplier websites. Once you choose a Supplier of your choice, you will be taken to their website to complete your booking, where you may see various payment options such as credit card, debit card, net banking, etc. provided by them. You may also opt to book on the ./honolulu platform in the manner provided in point 1) above. Once you complete your flight booking via ./honolulu on one of our partner websites, they will send you a confirmation email with all your booking details. In case you do not receive this mail please directly contact the respective Third-Party Supplier. ./honolulu will not be liable for any issues relating to booking or payment that you make directly with the Third-Party Supplier website and in case of any such issues Users are advised to contact the Third-Party Supplier. For ease of Users, however, ./honolulu will always assist to escalate User issues with the respective Third-Party Supplier. As the payment is not collected by ./honolulu directly, Users are advised to contact the Third-Party Supplier directly in case of any disputes including the issues relating to change in timings, refund, cancellations, change in route, meals opted, baggage allowance, etc. ./honolulu Fare Recommendationsfare recommendations help the Users to identify the best time to book their flights. HONOLULU recommendations are based on our proprietary data model which is derived from analysis of historical prices. However, we do not guarantee the final outcome
TRAINS ./honolulu acts as a facilitator for Users to book and search for desired train tickets on IRCTC platform. All train bookings or reservations made on the Site are subject to the applicable terms and conditions as set out by IRCTC.Booking Process To book train tickets, User will be redirected to IRCTC website/application. Users will need their IRCTC username and password in order to book their tickets on ./honolulu website/application.E-tickets are booked and issued through Indian Railways only and are subject to the rules and policies of Indian Railways. Users can book a maximum of 6 seats/ berths in a booking. Seat/ berth allotment is done by Indian Railways based on their allocation logic. HONOLULU does not guarantee allotment of preferred seat/ berth. Users with a confirmed e-ticket are permitted to board the train. Their names will appear on the chart. Fully waitlisted e-tickets are automatically cancelled by IRCTC after chart preparation. If fully waitlisted passengers are found travelling, they will be treated as without-ticket and charged as per Railway rules.Booked tickets are non-transferrable and are subject to identification. Users must carry valid ID proofs such as PAN card/ Aadhar Card/ Voter ID etc. at the time of travel or boarding the train for validation../honolulu will not be responsible for any schedule change by the Railways. Users are advised to confirm their train timings 24 hours prior to the train departure. The Railways rules and regulations may change from time to time. Please refer to http://www.indianrail.gov.in/enquiry/StaticPages/StaticEnquiry.jsp?StaticPage=index.html for the latest rules and regulations. While we endeavor to keep the rules and regulations updated at all times but should not be held responsible for the same. Please reach out to IRCTC directly for all relevant information/ queries relating to your bookings.Modifications ./honolulu cannot make any modifications to the booked tickets, including but not limited to change in passenger names, change in route, boarding point etc. Any modifications to booked tickets can be made only by IRCTC. We suggest Users to read IRCTC amendment policy here https://www.services.irctc.co.in/beta_htmls/Eticket_new_cancel.html to know more details.Payments, Cancellations and RefundsCancellation of booked tickets are subject to IRCTC cancellation policy and charges as per time of cancellation and booking quota (tatkal/ general/ ladies/ premium, etc.) Customers are advised to go through IRCTC cancellation policy prior to cancellation to know about the relevant cancellation charges. You can cancel a train ticket booked via ./honolulu, only before chart preparation. Cancellation charges may vary depending on ticket type and time of ticket cancellation. Cancellations and refunds will be based on Indian Railways refund and TDR filing rules. These rules are subject to change by Indian Railways. You can find complete details of the Railway cancellation policy and rules here: http://www.indianrail.gov.in/enquiry/StaticPages/StaticEnquiry.jsp?StaticPage=refund_Rules.html&locale=en or http://contents.irctc.co.in/en/eticketCancel.htmlPayment Gateway charges/service fee charged by ./honolulu at the time of booking the tickets are non-refundable. The refund gets credited to ./honolulu money and/or same User bank account/credit card/debit card/wallet, etc. used for booking tickets unless User has chosen for instant refund through any other payment mode, after deducting the applicable ./honolulu’s charges.
Seat Exchange: The Seat Exchange feature is introduced solely to enhance customer convenience. Its usage is entirely at your discretion and risk. We kindly request that you refrain from sharing any personal information. Please note that ./honolulu cannot be held responsible for any consequences arising from the sharing of personal user information or usage of the Seat Exchange feature.

HOTELS
Role of ./honolulu as a Metasearch Platform   ./honolulu acts as an online facilitator platform for the User to select and book a particular Hotel by collating data relating to Hotel availability from various Booking Partners websites based on User search criteria. Our Site allow Users to search across multiple Hotel accommodation providers in a selected area including ./honolulu as a booking platform wherever applicable. Based on User search parameters, ./honolulu sends out requests to multiple booking partners such as Booking.com, Agoda, etc. (“Booking Partners “) and displays the results received wherein the lowest price for any particular Hotel is shown as the first search result. ./honolulu helps the User to find the best available Hotel deals on Booking Partner’s websites. However, we do not book or take direct payments in such cases. All such bookings are made directly on Booking Partner’s websites. Once you choose a Supplier of your choice, you will be taken to their website to complete your booking, where you may see various payment options such as credit card, debit card, net banking, etc. You may also opt to book on HONOLULU platform in the manner provided in point 2) below. Once you complete your hotel booking via ./honolulu on one of our partner websites, they will send you a confirmation email with all your booking details. In case you do not receive this mail please directly contact the respective Booking Partner. ./honolulu will not be liable for any issues relating to booking or payment that you make directly with the Booking Partner website and in case of any such issues Users are advised to contact the Booking Partner. For ease of Users, however, ./honolulu will always assist to escalate User issues with the respective Booking Partner. ‘Hotel’ shall mean all categories of accommodations like hotels, home-stays, bed and breakfast stay, etc.Eligibility: The primary guest must be at least 18 years of age to be able to book and check-in to the hotel.Role and Responsibility of the Booking Partners:
addressing any User complaint or dispute relating to the category of the hotel and/or sufficiency of services, room type selected, amenities and facilities offered at the Hotel. All information displayed on the Site only for reference purposes. ./honolulu shall not be liable for any dispute arising from wrong information conveyed.
Refund, changes or cancellation requests by the User.
any service-related issues at the Hotel such as change in check-in/ check-out timings, extra bedding, delay in check in due to over-booking, system or technical errors, non-availability of rooms etc.
All issues relating to payment options i.e. prepaid/postpaid etc will be governed by respective Booking Partner’s and/or Hotel policies.
In case of any disputes, Users are advised to raise them directly with the Booking Partner.

Role of ./honolulu as a Booking Platform ./honolulu acts as a facilitator and merely provides an online platform to the User to select and book a particular hotel. Hotels in this context includes all categories of accommodations such as hotels, home-stays, bed and breakfast stays, farm-houses and any other alternate accommodations. All the information pertaining to the hotel including the category of the hotel, images, room type, amenities, and facilities available at the hotel are as per the information provided by the hotel to ./honolulu. This information is for reference only. Any discrepancy that may exist between the website pictures and actual settings of the hotel shall be raised by the User with the hotel directly and shall be resolved between the User and hotel. ./honolulu will have no responsibility in that process of resolution and shall not take any liability for such discrepancies. INFORMATION FROM THE HOTEL AND THE TERMS OF THE HOTEL The hotel booking voucher which ./honolulu issues to a User is solely based on the information provided or updated by the hotel regarding the inventory availability. In no circumstances can ./honolulu be held liable for failure on part of a hotel to accommodate the User with a confirmed booking, the standard of service or any insufficiency in the services, or any other service related issues at the hotel. The liability of ./honolulu in case of denial of check-in by a hotel for any reason what-so-ever including over-booking, system or technical errors, or unavailability of rooms etc., will be limited to either providing a similar alternate accommodation at the discretion of ./honolulu (subject to availability at that time), or refunding the booking amount (to the extent paid) to the User. Any other service related issues should be directly resolved by the User with the hotel. Hotels reserves the sole right of admission and ./honolulu has no say whatsoever in admission or denial for admission by the hotel. Unmarried or unrelated couples may not be allowed to check-in by some hotels as per their policies. Similarly, accommodation may be denied to guests posing as a couple if suitable proof of identification is not presented at the time of check-in. Some hotels may also not allow local residents to check-in as guests. ./honolulu will not be responsible for any check-in denied by the hotel due to the aforesaid reasons or any other reason not under the control of ./honolulu. No refund would be applicable in case the hotel denies check-in under such circumstances. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE USER The User would be liable to make good any damage(s) caused by any act of him/ her/ or their accompanying guests (willful/negligent) to the property of the hotel in any manner whatsoever. The extent and the amount of the damage so caused would be determined by the concerned hotel. ./honolulu would not, in any way, intervene in the same. The primary guest must be at least 18 years old to be able to check into the hotel. The User has to be in possession of a valid identity proof and address proof, at the time of check-in. The hotel shall be within its rights to deny check-in to a User if a valid identity proof is not presented at the time of check-in. Check-in time, check-out time, and any changes in those timings, will be as per hotel policy & terms. Early check-in or late check-out request is subject to availability and the hotel may charge an additional fee for providing such services. ADDITIONAL CHARGES BY THE HOTEL The booking amount paid by the User is only for stay at the hotel. Some bookings may include breakfast and/ or meals as confirmed at the time of booking. Any other services utilized by the User at the hotel, including laundry, room service, internet, telephone, extra food, drinks, beverages etc. shall be paid by the User directly to the hotel. Hotels may charge a mandatory meal surcharge on festive periods like Christmas, New Year’s Eve or other festivals as decided by the hotel. All additional charges (including mandatory meal surcharges) need to be cleared directly at the hotel. ./honolulu will have no control over waiving the same. Some hotels located outside of India might apply local taxes during the check-in process, which will need to be paid additionally by the user. PAYMENT FOR BOOKINGS AND ANY ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS Booking of a hotel can either be “Prepaid”, or “Pay at hotel” as per the options made available by a hotel on ./honolulu’s platform. In “Prepaid” model, the total booking amount is paid by the User at the time of booking itself. Such total booking amount includes the hotel reservation rate, taxes, service fees as may be charged on behalf of the actual service provider, and any additional booking fee or convenience fee charged by ./honolulu. At the hotel’s or ./honolulu’s sole discretion on case to case basis, the User may also be provided with an option to make a part payment to ./honolulu at the time of confirmation of a booking. The balance booking amount shall be paid as per the terms of the bookings. For security purposes, the User must provide ./honolulu with correct credit or debit card details. ./honolulu may cancel the booking at its sole discretion in case such bank or credit card details as provided by the User are found incorrect. Payment can be made either in INR or any other foreign exchange/currency as specified at the time of booking. Some banks and card issuing companies charge their account holders a transaction fee when the card issuer and the merchant location (as defined by the card brand, e.g. Visa, MasterCard, American Express) are in different countries. If a User has any questions about the fees or any exchange rate applied, they may contact their bank or the card issuing company through which payment was made. Some accommodation suppliers may require User and/or the other persons, on behalf of whom the booking is made, to present a credit card or cash deposit upon check-in to cover additional expenses that may be incurred during their stay. Such deposit is unrelated to any payment received by ./honolulu and solely at the behest of the Hotel. In “Pay at hotel” model, the concerned hotel will collect the entire payment against the booking at the time of check-in. In case of international bookings, the payment will be charged in local currency or in any other currency, as decided by the hotel. For security purposes, the User must provide ./honolulu with correct credit or debit card details. ./honolulu may cancel the booking at its sole discretion in case such bank or credit card details as provided by the User are found incorrect.
BUSES For ease of booking online bus tickets, ./honolulu has partnered with various bus aggregators (“Aggregators”) to provide a technology platform for purchase of bus tickets through their channel of bus operators. Aggregators enable travelers to book bus tickets online by providing them with a choice of bus operators, departure time and prices. However, Aggregators do not own or operate any bus services of their own. The selection of any specific bus operator is entirely on the choice of User.Under this arrangement, HONOLULU merely provides a technology platform, facilitating transactions between the bus operators and Users. HONOLULU shall not be responsible for the operations of the bus operator including, but not limited to the following:
Departure or arrival of the buses on time;
The conduct/behaviour of bus driver or bus operator’s employees, representatives or agents;
The physical condition of the bus, seats etc. not being up to the User’s expectation or as per the description furnished by the bus operator on the Platform;
Cancellation of the scheduled trip due to any reasons;
Loss or damage to the User’s luggage;
Change in allocated seat to the User by the bus operator for any reason whatsoever;
Bus operator notifying an incorrect boarding point on the booking confirmation voucher, or altering such boarding point later with or without any notification to HONOLULU or the User;
Bus operator using a different pick-up vehicle for transportation of the customers from the designated boarding point to the actual place of departure of the bus.Users are hereby recommended to get in touch with the bus operators in advance for details relating to exact boarding point, charges for additional baggage (if any) or any other information needed for boarding or travel for the scheduled journey. Users are required to carry following documents at the time of boarding the bus:
a print out of the ticket, and
any valid ID like Aadhar card, passport, PAN card or voter ID or any other valid identity proof issued by a government authority.
Users are advised to reach the boarding place no later than thirty (30) minutes before the scheduled departure time. All tickets issued shall be non-transferable.

In the event of cancellation of bus ticket on the Site, refund will be made after deduction of applicable Aggregator and HONOLULU cancellation charges. Users are advised to read through cancellation terms mentioned on the ticket/Site carefully. Convenience/Service fee charged by HONOLULU at the time of booking the tickets are non-refundable. The refund in such circumstances gets credited to ./honolulu money and/or same User bank account/Credit card/Debit card/Wallet etc used for booking tickets unless User has chosen for instant refund through any other payment mode, after deducting the applicable HONOLULU charges.

HONOLULU MONEY

./honolulu money is ./honolulu’s virtual currency (1 ./honolulu money = Re 1). Users can earn ./honolulu money on each successful booking made through HONOLULU platform (except train bookings) equivalent to the amount as shown at the time of booking. Users can earn ./honolulu money in the following ways:

By way of booking– apply the ./honolulu money coupon code at the time of making your booking through ./honolulu platform and Users will receive ./honolulu money as per the applicable offer within 24 hours.
./honolulu money voucher – Users can also add ./honolulu money to their account by using already available ./honolulu money voucher. In order to add the voucher, select “./honolulu money” option from the main menu of your ./honolulu account and click on “add ./honolulu money”.
Promotional offers – ./honolulu may also credit ./honolulu money to some User accounts from time to time as a promotional offer.
Such earned ./honolulu money can be redeemed by the Users within a stipulated time from the date of transfer to the User account. You can read complete details relating to ./honolulu money here: https://www../honolulu.com/money

In the event of cancellations, refund shall be made to the original payment mode i.e. to the user bank account (debit card/ credit card)/ wallet and ./honolulu money account in the same ratio as was utilized at the time of booking. For instance, for the booking of Rs.1500, if Rs.1200 was paid via debit card and Rs.300 via ./honolulu money, refund shall be made in the same ratio to the user bank account (debit card/ credit card)/ wallet and ./honolulu money account as well. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
বাংলা গাইডলাইন (BN)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
প্রথমেই আমাদের ফ্রি ফন্ট ডাউনলোড ও ব্যবহার করার জন্য আপনাকে জানাই অসংখ্য ধন্যবাদ।

	***** আমাদের ফন্ট ব্যবহারে আপনার কোনো ধরণের সমস্যা হলে, টিউটোরিয়ালের সাহায্য নিতে ভিজিট করুন- https://youtube.com/lipighor
	***** আপনার মূল্যবান মতামত ও সাজেশন আমাদের ফেসবুক পেজে জানান- https://facebook.com/lipighor

এন্ড ইউজার লাইসেন্স এগ্রিমেন্ট
আপনি যদি আমাদের ফ্রি ফন্ট/ ফন্টসমূহ ব্যবহার করতে চান, তবে অবশ্যই আপনাকে নিম্নোক্ত বিধিনিষেধসমূহ সতর্কভাবে মেনে চলতে হবে-

	১. আপনাকে লিপিঘর ফ্রি ফন্ট/ ফন্টসমূহ বিনামূল্যে ব্যবহার করার সুযোগ দিচ্ছে মাত্র, ফন্টের মালিকানা বা কপিরাইট আপনার হাতে তুলে দিচ্ছে না।
	২. আপনি লিপিঘর থেকে ডাউনলোডকৃত ফ্রি ফন্ট/ ফন্টসমূহের zip/ttf ফাইল কোনোভাবেই অন্য ওয়েবসাইট/ সোশ্যাল মিডিয়া/ ই-মেল/ সিডি/ ডিভিডি সহ অন্য যে কোনো মাধ্যমে বিতরণ/ বিক্রয়/ আপলোড/ রি-আপলোড/ অন্য কোন ফন্টের সাথে বিনিময় করতে পারবেন না।
	৩. আপনি লিপিঘর থেকে ডাউনলোডকৃত  ফ্রি ফন্ট/ ফন্টসমূহের নাম বদল করে অথবা শেপ মোডিফাই করে নিজস্ব সম্পদ/ মেধাসম্পত্তি দাবী করতে পারবেন না।
	৪. আপনি লিপিঘরের ফ্রি ফন্ট/ ফন্টসমূহ ব্যবহার করে সমস্ত রকম ডিজাইন (কমার্শিয়াল ও নন- কমার্শিয়াল) তৈরি করতে পারবেন, এবং সেই ডিজাইনগুলিকে সমস্ত সোশ্যাল মিডিয়া নেটওয়ার্কে শেয়ার বা বিক্রয় করতে পারবেন।
	৫. আপনি লিপিঘরের ফ্রি ফন্ট/ ফন্টসমূহ কমার্শিয়াল ডিজাইনের কাজে ব্যবহার করলে লিপিঘরকে ক্রেডিট (ফন্ট কৃতজ্ঞতা- lipighor.com) দিতে পারেন (ঐচ্ছিক)। 
	৬. লিপিঘরের ফ্রি ফন্ট আপনি আপনার ওয়েবসাইটে ওয়েবফন্ট হিসাবে ব্যবহার করতে পারেন, তবে সেক্ষেত্রে অবশ্যই আপনাকে ই-মেলের মাধ্যমে (admin@lipighor.com) অনুমতি নিতে হবে এবং ল্যান্ডিং পেজের ফুটারে লিপিঘরের ব্যাকলিংক  (ওয়েবফন্ট- lipighor.com) প্রদান করতে হবে।	
	
	*** যদি আপনি লিপিঘরের ফ্রি ফন্ট/ ফন্টসমূহ কারো কাছ থেকে অর্থ বা অন্য কোন কিছুর বিনিময়ে ক্রয় করে থাকেন, তবে সেই প্রতারকের সমস্ত তথ্যসমূহ আমাদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন, আমরা তার বিরুদ্ধে আইনি পদক্ষেপ গ্রহণ করবো।
	*** যদি আপনি আপনার তৈরি/ ডিজাইনকৃত ফন্ট লিপিঘর থেকে প্রকাশ করতে চান, তবে আমাদের ফেসবুক পেজে বা আমাদের ই-মেল করুন- admin@lipighor.com
	*** আপনাদেরকে প্রতিনিয়ত নিত্য নতুন ফ্রি ফন্ট উপহার দেবার কাজে আমাদের আগ্রহপ্রদান করতে, আপনার সামর্থ্য অনুযায়ী দান করুন - https://lipighor.com/donation.html
	*** লিপিঘরের লাইসেন্স ইনফর্মেশন বিস্তারিত জানতে ভিজিট করুন - https://lipighor.com/condition.html
	
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
English Guideline (EN)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

At first, thank you for downloading and using our free font.

	***** If you are facing any difficulties using our fonts, Please follow our Tutorial from- https://youtube.com/lipighor
	***** Leave your valuable Questions/ Suggestions/ Opinion here- https://facebook.com/lipighor

End User License Agreement
If you want to use our Free Fonts, you have to to follow the rules strictly-

	1. Lipighor is only giving you the license to use free fonts without any cost/price, Not giving you the ownership/ copyright. 
	2. You cannot distribute/ sell/ upload/re-upload/ share the font files (i.e.- zip/ttf etc.) downloaded from Lipighor, in any condition, in any other website/social media/ CD/ DVD/ e-mail or another medium.
	3. You cannot change the name/ modify shapes of any font downloaded from lipighor and claim them as your own intellectual property.
	4. You can use the fonts downloaded from lipighor in all your designs (Non-commercial or commercial) & share/ sell these designs freely.
	5. If you use our fonts in commercial design, you can give credit (Font Credit- lipighor.com) to Lipighor in your design showcase. (Optional)
	6. If you want to use our free fonts as your web font, you have to take permission via e-mail (admin@lipighor.com) and give backlink (Web font- lipighor.com) in footer area of your landing page.

	*** If You've purchased this free font from anyone, share his/her contact details with us, we will take legal step against the fraud.
	*** If you're interested in Creating your own font, please contact us- admin@lipighor.com
	*** If You want us to survive and continuing Provide you with free fonts, please encourage us by donating - https://lipighor.com/donation.html
	*** To know our licensing terms & conditions in details, please visit - https://lipighor.com/condition.html
